# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is an open format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week, or some of the things that you are still struggling with, identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts
- What went well this week?
- What did you learn as a shock or suprise?
- What are you struggling with?
- What would you count as a victory?


I feel like this week was one of the better weeks. It was nice coming back from break and being put back in the coding environment where I am able to ask questions and seek help. I did pretty terrible on my last checkpoint, but during my tutor session I had on Tuesday, Harrison was able to go through it with me and help me debug it so that I was able to learn more about what I had done incorrect so that I don't make those mistakes again. I made some great progress in navigating the MVC this week since that was something I struggled with last week (well before christmas break and over the break). I think the only thing I'm struggling with right now is getting certain parts of API's to draw to the page. My normal draw functions aren't working right and when I try to fix them I get more errors and bugs and google isn't super helpful in that aspect. A victory I had this week was getting so far in my checkpoint on Friday during lab, that I was able to spend a good amount of time styling which is my #1 favorite thing to do! Even though I needed quite a bit of extra help on the to-dos part of the checkpoint, It was nice actually having that help instead of what happened with the last checkpoint since it was christmas break and no one was available to answer questions or help debug- which is completely understandable - but still a little bit frusterating. Overall- it was a pretty good week.