# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is an open format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week, or some of the things that you are still struggling with, identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts
- What went well this week?
- What did you learn as a shock or suprise?
- What are you struggling with?
- What would you count as a victory?


This was another tough week. Not nearly as bad as last week, but it was a struggle. Something that I would say went well this week was working on the GregsList project on Thursday. It kind of helped with knowing exactly what should go where and why we use what we use, however, it wasn't much help when it came to the checkpoint. I know I will get much better at using all of the different pages, but it just hasn't fully clicked yet. But I really enjoy my struggles, becuase then I feel on top of the world when I do finally figure out whatever it was that was causing me to struggle. And I really can't pinpoint exactly what I'm struggling with which has made it difficult to ask specific questions.. but with the help of google and past projects from the week along with all of the lecture notes I had been taking, I know I will get this checkpoint figured out. I just can't wait until this all finally clicks in my brain and I can do this in my sleep XD