# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is an open format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week, or some of the things that you are still struggling with, identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts
- What went well this week?
- What did you learn as a shock or suprise?
- What are you struggling with?
- What would you count as a victory?


This week starts our gauntlet - which I am very nervous for. This week was a little rough but it will be so nice having repetition in using vue. I don't completely understand what we use different things for in vue, however the checkpoint has been helpful in figuring out exactly where I am struggling. About the checkpoint, it has to be one of the hardest checkpoints that we have had so far. The code started to blend together and the amount of requirements became very overwhelming. I feel like after the gauntlet where I would be able to have all the practice and repetition, I would be able to go back and make it much better, however it has been a struggle with getting majority of the functionality working. Even when I ask questions, its still not fully clicking yet. However, my biggest victory was getting as far as I did on the checkpoint. Even though its not 100%, I was coding and working on it constantly over the weekend and really trying to understand exactly what I'm coding and why it belongs there.